h1. Redmine Issue Dump Tool

h2. Author

Dominic Clifton - me@dominicclifton.name

h2. Purpose

Dumps issues from a given project to text files.

h2. Compatibility

Tested only on 1.0.3.
Tested only with mysql (driver bundled in generated jar file, update pom.xml and supply JDBC connection string to support other DB's)
Uses 'issues', 'projects' and 'trackers' database tables.

h2. Why?

So you can create a cron-job to run this tool in order to create archives of your user-stories, etc.

h2. Running the tool

If run with the --help parameter the output is as follows:

<pre>
$ java -jar redmineissuedumptool-1.0.0-jar-with-dependencies.jar --help

RedmineIssueDumpTool v1.0.0 by Dominic Clifton (C) 2010
Usage:
--version             Show version information
--help                Show usage information
--driver              Set JDBC driver (default: is [com.mysql.jdbc.Driver]
--url                 Set JDBC connection string (default: is [jdbc:mysql:///redmine?user=redmine]
--target              Set the target directory (no default, required argument)
--statistics          Show statistics
--verbose             Generate verbose output
</pre>

h2. Building the tool

The tool is built using maven as follows:

<pre>
mvn clean compile test assembly:assembly
</pre>

Maven will download all the dependancies, run the unit tests and create a two jar files in the 'target' directory.  To configure the build adjust the pom.xml file.

h2. Source editing in eclipse

The Eclipse project and classpath files can be generated using the maven eclipse plugin via the command:

<pre>
mvn eclipse:eclipse
</pre>

h2. References

Redmine - http://www.redmine.org/

